doc: mention triage in GOVERNANCE.md (#34426)
nodejs/node: GOVERNANCE.md

<!-- /TOC -->

## Triagers

> The triagers triage nodejs/node and nodejs/help repositories.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
Triagers assess newly-opened issues in the nodejs/node and nodejs/help repositories.
```

Author: @Trott - thanks, done

There is no GitHub team for triagers at the moment.

Triagers have:
* ability to label issues
* ability to comment, close, and reopen issues

While the primary focus of triagers is to help resolve issues and
reduce issue backlog, they are also encouraged to contribtue

> code and / or review pull requests.

Author: ditto
